Refactor documentation learn page (#1572)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/documenting-ballerina-code.md

Developers can write the documentation inline with the Ballerina source code using the lightweight [markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) markup language. They can document special constructs such as parameters, return values, fields, etc. within the code using documentation attributes. Once the code is documented, developers can generate a basic HTML version of their Ballerina modules using the `ballerina doc` command. Developers are encouraged to have their custom themes and styles, to have a standard presentation of their Ballerina documentation.

> Ballerina documentation design and usage is aligned with package and module semantics of Ballerina. You can generate documentation for modules using the `ballerina doc` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina documentation design and usage is aligned with the package and module semantics of Ballerina. You can generate documentation for modules using the `ballerina doc` command.
```

A Ballerina module can have a `Module.md` file, which describes the module and its usage.

A typical package structure of a Ballerina package is like this:

```
/

>   Ballerina.toml       # Configuration that defines package intent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ballerina.toml       # Configuration, which defines the package intent.
```

  main.bal

>   Module.md            # Optional, contains descriptive metadata of the default module for display at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Module.md            # Contains descriptive metadata of the default module to be displayed in
```

>                        # Ballerina Central        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                       # Ballerina Central. This is optional.
```

>   Package.md           # Optional, contains descriptive metadata of the package for display at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Package.md           # Contains descriptive metadata of the package to be displayed in
```

>                        # Ballerina Central  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                       # Ballerina Central. This is optional.
```

    modules
      module1/             

>         Module.md          # Optional, contains descriptive metadata for display at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Module.md          # Contains descriptive metadata to be displayed in
```

>                            # Ballerina Central

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                           # Ballerina Central. This is optional.
```

        *.bal
        [tests/]           # Module-specific unit and integration tests
        [resources/]       # Module-specific resources

      module2/
        Module.md
        *.bal
        [tests/]
        [resources/]

>   [resources/]         # Resources included with every module in the package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [resources/]         # Resources included in every module in the package.
```

  target/              # Compiled executables and other artifacts end up here
```

> The `ballerina doc` command will read the `Package.md` and `Module.md` and prepend it to the generated HTML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerina doc` command will read the `Package.md` and `Module.md` files and prepend it to the generated HTML file.
```
What is "it" here?

Check [HTTP module documentation](/swan-lake/learn/api-docs/ballerina/http/index.html) for sample HTML that has `Module.md` content at the top, followed by the other module constructs.

## Generating Ballerina Documentation

> Ballerina provides a `doc` command, which can be executed against a given Ballerina package. This command will result in generating the Ballerina documentation as HTML files, for all the modules in the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina provides a `doc` command, which can be executed against a given Ballerina package. This command will result in generating the Ballerina documentation as HTML files for all the modules in the package.
```

First, let's create a new Ballerina package:

```bash
$ ballerina new math

> Created new Ballerina package 'math' at math

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created new Ballerina package 'math' at math
```
What is the second "math" here?

Author: This is the console output from ballerina new command

Reviewer: Ack. Fine.

```

Next, move into the package directory and execute `ballerina add <module-name>` to add a new Ballerina module.

```bash
$ cd math/
$ ballerina add world

> Added new ballerina module at 'modules/world'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new ballerina module at 'modules/world'.
```

    }
}
```
Now, let's generate documentation of the package:
```bash
$ ballerina doc
```
Output:
```bash
Compiling source
	user/math:0.1.0
Generating API Documentation
Saved to: target/apidocs
```

> `target/apidocs/math` folder would contain following;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target/apidocs/math` folder would contain the following;
```

```bash
$ ls target/apidocs/
bundle.js  index.html  ...
```

> * `index.html`  - the entry point for documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `index.html`  - the entry point for documentation
```
